hey guys it's Rachel from kissing makeup
and this is just gonna be a super quick
video I just came to show you guys
really quick my curl pattern um my last
video I did tell you guys that I got a
texturizer and a lot of you who have
been asking me what my curl pattern
looks like so I decided to go ahead and
kind of wear the wig well that wet look
cause it's dry but the curly looks so I
could show you guys what it looks like
so as you can see it's still extremely
curly so for those who didn't know a
texturizer is much different than a perm
when you have a perm you're gonna have
the straight hair when you dry it or
when you air try it it's gonna be more
straight um but for those who don't know
me or you're just now starting to watch
my videos if you look back on my old
videos before I had the texturizer
you'll see I had extremely curly hair
and it's still very very curly like even
I mean you could I don't know you could
really tell but still very curly I'm I
still love it I love the fact that I can
still switch back and forth between
we're wearing it flat ironed and wearing
it curly um what I did was I washed it I
put the catwalk curls is it catwalk
curls or the catwalk oatmeal and honey
conditioner and then I didn't even wash
it with shampoo I just go washed it and
then I put in as a leave-in the moroccan
the one and only moroccan deep
conditioner I think it's called
hydrating mask I put that in there and I
kept I left it in there then I also put
some argan oil just to seal it and then
I braided it just into pigtail braids
and then I just worked to sleep and when
I woke up it was still wet but my hair
dries extremely fast with the texturizer
so I check it out the braids and within
ten or fifteen minutes it was totally
dry without me doing anything to it
which I love the convenience about it
and that's really why I got the
texturizer anyway so I love the
convenience of it it's like I mean but
again you do have to really take care of
your hair you have to decide that it's
something it's like a like a
life-changing decision that you have to
make that you're actually gonna put
forth the effort to take care of it then
I also wanted to tell you guys that ever
since I did that protein treatment I did
shoot the video the effigy two-step
protein treatment
I shot the video but my camera cut off
so I don't have the whole thing but the
next time I do it in a few weeks I will
definitely try my best to tape it
but ever since I did that might I have
seen huge improvements in my hair um
like I said I had done it before but it
was a long time ago and I just don't
think I did it right but anyway so I
followed the directions to a team which
you really have to this time and my hair
I've seen huge improvements in my hair
like I haven't seen as much breakage I
haven't seen nearly as much shedding the
breakage was more what I was concerned
about crocheting is natural and I
definitely haven't seen as much breakage
so I'm loving that and then when I took
a shower last night and went my hair my
strands just felt so different they felt
so much stronger so much more nourished
like you can feel the difference and
it's not because they're telling you're
gonna feel the difference you feel a
difference because you feel a difference
so I would definitely suggest that to
anyone who is looking to strengthen
their hair or to give their hair some
kind of some type of protein treatment
for you know breakage or shedding I
would definitely suggest that when it
comes in the pack it's like $2.99 a pack
it might be a little bit more expensive
at Sally's but it's $2.99 a pack and
like your local Beauty Supply stores so
just came to show you guys really quick
like I said hum how my hair looks cuz a
lot of you guys were wondering so I do
wear it like this more often than that
like I'm mostly wearing it like this as
opposed to wearing it flat ironed or
curled or whatever just because this is
so easy I can just get in the shower you
know wet it and then braid it and then
I'm done so I love it like this out
where it usually for like two days so
I'll wear it like this and then tomorrow
I'll probably wear it in a bun or
something and then I'll wash it again so
very convenient you know I love it and
hopefully I'll try to post some pictures
but I don't know so let me guys thanks
for watching bye